blog: meetup announcement (#1389)
apache/cordova-docs: www/_posts/2025-01-08-meetup-1.md

Without more committers, it will become increasingly challenging to maintain a steady release cycle and address the needs of our users. By bringing together experienced contributors and newcomers, we aim to foster collaboration and make future releases smoother. The release process is vital but can often feel overwhelming within the ASF framework. To address this, we are exploring ways to simplify it and provide clearer guidance to our community, making participation more accessible for everyone. **Stay tuned!**

# Joining the Meetup

The meetup will be held virtually on Jitsi for participants worldwide. After signing up on our **[meetup page](https://lu.ma/zdsnddl2)**, you’ll receive detailed instructions on how to join. Whether you’re a seasoned contributor or just starting to explore Cordova, we encourage you to participate.

Let’s kick off 2025 with a strong sense of community and a shared vision for Cordova’s future. We’re looking forward to seeing you there!

# Agenda 

<!--more-->

- Introduction

- Short recap of 2024

>     - Platform Releases
>         - cordova-electron@4.0.0 release
>         - cordova-android@13.0.0 release
>         - cordova-ios@7.1.0-7.1.1 release
>         - cordova-ios@8.0.0-beta.1 release
>     - Plugin Releases
>         - File
>         - Device
>         - Camera
>     - Other Points
>         - Preparing cordova-android@14.0.0
>         - Community Survey
>         - User Feedback of 2024
> 
> - What's Next in 2025
> 
>     - Platform Releases
>         - cordova-ios@8.0.0
>         - cordova-android@14.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Platform Releases
        - Cordova-Android
        - Cordova-Electron
        - Cordova-iOS
    - Plugin Releases
        - Camera
        - Device
        - File
    - Other Points
        - Cordova-Android Next Major
        - Community Survey
        - User Feedback of 2024

- What's Next in 2025

    - Platform Releases
        - Cordova-iOS 8
        - Cordova-Android 14
```

    - **Community Release Livestream**
    - Other Topic Points
        - Google Android release timeline changes and what it means for Cordova
        - User Feedback for 2025

- Community Interest & Feedback

    - Interest in Contributing
        - **Why do we need more people to contribute?**

>         - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
